FORCE FIELD EARLY ACCESS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
THESE EARLY ACCESS TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the “Agreement”), effective as of the acceptance of this Agreement as evidenced by the User entering his/her name and e-mail information and    tapping on the appropriate acceptance button at the moment of account creation (the “Effective Date”), is entered into between the user (“User” or “you”) of the Force Field platform and real-time LLM firewall solution (collectively, with any modifications or enhancements thereto, or any derivates thereof, the “Solution”) and 9558-6616 Québec inc., owner of the Solution (referred to in this Agreement as “Force Field”, “we”, or “us”) (each a “Party” and, collectively, the “Parties”). 
For the purposes of this Agreement, “Solution” means the beta version of a platform and AI-powered tool consisting in a security layer that sits between End Users (as defined below) and LLM-powered knowledge systems, which is currently available at Force Field[1], or any other URL that may be specified by Force Field during the Early Access Period (as defined in Section 8 below),  and which includes, without limitation, features released thereon, along with all associated media, and documentation, if any.
BY ACCESSING THE SOLUTION’S PLATFORM PAGE, USING THE SOLUTION AND TAPPING ON THE APPROPRIATE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON, USER ACCEPTS AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE USING THE SOLUTION AND ACCEPTING OR AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ASSOCIATION OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY (A “LEGAL ENTITY”), YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT LEGAL ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND, IN SUCH EVENT, "YOU" AND "YOUR" WILL REFER AND APPLY TO THAT LEGAL ENTITY.
The Parties agree as follows:
1. License. Force Filed hereby grants User a limited, non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable (except to the End Users), internal, royalty-free license to access and use the Solution during the Early Access Period.

2. Testing. User agrees during the Early Access Period to use and test features of the Solution and to voluntarily report on all testing results to Force Filed via various means (including through the Solution, via email, or other methods made available to you), including any errors, bugs, defects, and other issues with the Solution, as well as any Feedback (as defined below). User may implement and use such modifications, enhancements, error corrections, bug fixes, new releases, or other updates to or for the Solution that Force Field may make to the Solution during the Early Access Period.  

3. Feedback. Force Field shall own all rights, title and interest in and to any suggestions, requests or recommendations for improvements or enhancements to the Solution or other feedback that User may, alone or jointly with Force Field, propose or make during the Early Access Period (collectively, “Feedback”). User hereby irrevocably (i) assigns all User’s rights, title and interest in and to the Feedback to Force Field; and (ii) waives (and shall cause, if applicable, any of its employees and subcontractors to waive) in favour of Force Field, its successors and assigns any and all moral rights that User (or any of its employees and subcontractors) has or may have in the Feedback. User further agrees to provide Force Field such assistance as it may require to document, perfect, and maintain its rights to the Feedback. 

4. User Content. During the Early Access Period, the Solution will access your and/or your End Users' inputs (including prompts) and outputs while using LLM-powered knowledge systems (the “User Content”). You are solely responsible for any and all User Content that is generated while using the Solution, and you represent and warrant that you own or control all necessary intellectual property rights in and to any such User Content. You will maintain all rights, title and interest to the User Content that is created by you and/or your End Users while using the Solution and you hereby grant to Force Field a royalty-free, worldwide and non-exclusive license to host, access, process, use, copy, reproduce, save, delete and transmit User Content for the purposes of, and only to the extent necessary for, the provision of the Solution. 

5. Provision of Solution. Force Field shall make the Solution available to User during the Early Access Period, solely for the purpose of User’s use thereof. Force Field may, at its sole discretion, provide User such technical assistance as Force Field may deem necessary to properly access and use the Solution. Force Field may impose certain limitations on the use of the Solution during the Early Access Period. Upon reasonable prior notice to User, Force Field may also delete all data from the Solution, which deletion would include any User Content. In such event, Force Field’s reasonable prior notice would permit you to download and save any User Content prior to such deletion. 

6. No Other Obligations. Force Field is not obligated under this Agreement to provide any documentation, maintenance/technical support, or updates/upgrades to the Solution, though we will certainly attempt to do so. In addition, the Parties agree that upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, User is under no obligation to enter into any agreement relating to the Solution or to continue to use the Solution in any way.  

7. Ownership and Restrictions. Force Field retains ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to the Solution and the intellectual property rights therein and thereto (including without limitation, all patent rights, design rights, copyrights and trade secret rights). Except as provided hereunder, User will have no right to loan, license, sublicense, rent, transfer, assign, sell, distribute, change, alter, copy, amend, modify, make derivative works based upon the Solution, use the Solution to develop any products, applications or platforms, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, publish, disclose, display or make available, in whole or in part, or otherwise use the Solution in any manner whatsoever. User will not remove any proprietary, copyright, patent, trademark, design right, trade secret or any other proprietary rights legends from the Solution.  Any right not expressly granted herein is reserved by Force Field. User shall not use or permit others to use the Solution for the purpose of creating, improving or otherwise assisting in the development of any system which performs or may perform functions similar to, or competitive with, the Solution. 

8. Term; Termination. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement, this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will automatically terminate on the date on which a generally available commercial version of the Solution is released and a new Terms and Conditions (or similar agreement) covers the User’s use of the Solution (such term being defined as the “Early Access Period”). Force Field may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. User may terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying Force Field and/or by ceasing all use of the Solution. Any provision of this Agreement which by its very nature should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement will survive its termination or expiration.

9. Fees. The Solution is made available to you without payment of any fees for the duration of the Early Access Period. Prior to the date on which a generally available commercial version of the Solution is released, Force Field will make available final pricing options for access to the general availability release of the Solution.

10. Disclaimer. User hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Solution (including any modifications or improvements thereto) may not be ready for general commercial release and may contain bugs, errors or defects. Accordingly, Force Field is providing the Solution to User “as is”. Force Field and its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, principals, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, its “Representatives”) make no representations, warranties or covenants, express or implied, in respect of the Solution, including without limitation, statutory or implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, accuracy, non-infringement, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose, all of which are expressly disclaimed and excluded. Force Field does not guarantee that the Solution will ever be made generally commercially available, or that any generally commercially available release of the Solution will contain the same or similar functionalities/features as the Solution made available by Force Field to User under this Agreement.

11. Non-Disparagement. User shall not (and shall ensure that its End Users, if applicable, do not), during the Early Access Period or thereafter, on its behalf or on behalf of any person, whether directly or indirectly (including through its End Users, if applicable), (i) criticize, disparage, defame or make or post any negative comments or reports, statements or images about the Solution or Force Field, whether oral or written, including statements and images made or posted via social media or on the internet; or (ii) more generally, take any action that might impair the integrity, reputation or goodwill of Force Field or its Representatives.

12. Limitation of Liability. In no event will Force Field or its Representatives be liable for any loss, damages, claims, or costs whatsoever, including any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages (including, without limitation, any loss of revenue or profits, lost or damaged data, loss of use, business interruption or any other pecuniary loss, or any claim by a User’s End User), arising out of or relating to this Agreement or caused by the use, misuse or inability to use the Solution, even if Force Field has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This limitation of liability will apply regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty, tort, negligence, strict liability or under any other legal theory. User acknowledges and agrees that the limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 12 are fair and reasonable in the commercial circumstances of this Agreement and that Force Field would not have entered into this Agreement but for the inclusion of such limitations and exclusions. 

13. End Users Notices and Consents. The Solution includes an AI-powered LLM firewall that operates in the background of the devices of User (where User is an individual not entering into this Agreement on behalf of a Legal Entity) or, where User is a Legal Entity, on the devices of the User’s employees or consultants (the “End Users”). Where User is a Legal Entity, User shall, at its sole cost and responsibility, (a) provide all notices, disclosures, and other information required under applicable laws, regulations, and industry standards to its End Users regarding their access to, and use of, the Solution and the deployment and operation of the Solution on their devices; and (b) obtain, maintain, and document all consents, authorizations, and permissions from End Users that are necessary for Force Field and its licensors or service providers to lawfully provide, operate, support, monitor and process data (including User Content) through, or otherwise enable the End Users’ use of the Solution and the deployment and operation of the Solution on End Users’ devices. User, where it is a Legal Entity, represents and warrants that such notices have been delivered, and such consents have been validly obtained prior to any End User’s use of the Solution and deployment and operation of the Solution on End Users’ devices and shall ensure that all notices and consents remain current throughout the Early Access Period. 

14. Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means all non-public, confidential or proprietary information of Force Field or its Representatives relating to the Solution, including without limitation all software (including source code), technology, intellectual property, trade secrets, and other information and data relating to the Solution, all Feedback and all testing information provided by User to Force Field. User shall not use the Confidential Information in any manner except as reasonably required to test the Solution and shall keep confidential all Confidential Information and shall protect the Confidential Information with the same degree of care as User employs in the protection of its own confidential and proprietary information, but at least with a reasonable degree of care. User shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person, except, if applicable, to those of its employees and agents who require access for User’s authorized use of the Solution under this Agreement. User acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 14 are reasonable and necessary to protect Force Field’s legitimate interests. User understands and agrees (i) that the remedies at law for the violation of this Section 14 will be inadequate; (ii) that such violation will cause irreparable injury within a short period of time; and (iii) that in addition to any and all other remedies Force Field may have at law and in equity, Force Field shall be entitled to preliminary injunctive relief and other injunctive relief against such violation without the necessity of proving actual damages.

15. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Québec, Canada and the laws of Canada applicable therein, other than rules governing conflicts of laws.  Each of the Parties agrees that any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Quebec, Canada (district of Montreal). The foregoing choice of jurisdiction and venue shall not prevent Force Field from seeking injunctive relief with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights, confidentiality obligations or enforcement or recognition of any award or order, in any appropriate jurisdiction.

16. General. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Force Field with respect to your use of the Solution, superseding any prior agreements between you and Force Field. If any of the provisions contained in this Agreement are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any way affected or impaired hereby. Force Field and its Representatives shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement where such failure results from any cause beyond Force Field’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. The Parties have requested that this Agreement be drafted in English. Les parties aux présentes ont exigé que le présent contrat soit rédigé en langue anglaise.


[1]Note: Please confirm web link that needs to be inserted here.
2


